# Sequencer v5.0 & Reminder v1.0

Hey guys, Techoholic here! Welcome to my repository for **The Sequencer**: a script that helps you progress AFK in various games (made for Onett's Bee Swarm Simulator on Roblox). Basically, you can record your keypresses (or mouse movements), and then make a program to play them back a certain amount of times, with waits and special mouse events. For example, you could record yourself collecting honey from a field, returning to your hive to make honey, and then going back to the field to repeat the process.

The program to run to make all of this cool stuff happen is **sequencer.bat**. A reminder that this requires Python to be installed on your computer to run the script, but if you don't have that, an executable version is in the works -- just you wait. This script and other parts of this repository are actively being worked on so make sure to check back frequently!

THERE IS NOW A NEW PROGRAM IN THE __BSS__ FAMILY :D
I am proud to introduce my latest project: **The Reminder**! In games (especially Bee Swarm), there are often events that happen chronically, such an item dispenser you can only use every few hours, or a boss that takes a few days to respawn after killing it. **Reminder.py** was made for the purpose of running silently in the background; sending you notifications when you have an even to claim, and awaiting keybinds to tell it that you have claimed said events.
Keep in mind that this program is in its infant state, meaning it has not been developed with other people's use in mind yet. With that said, here is an overview of interaction through keybinds: While holding right Alt, press the letter that is the first letter in the group name of the event you want to access. Without releasing right Alt, now press the number (1-9 for now) of the event in that group. If you did all of that right, you should get a notification with appropriate information. (right Alt + m) mutes the program and (right Alt + x) terminates it. You can find the file with the groups/events in *local/events.pri* after running the script at least once. If you would like to make the script run with the keybind (backtick + right Alt), run *remAHK.exe*.
Again, I know **Rem.py** is not super polished and ready for the average person to use, but if you feel like being a beta tester, go right ahead!

A DIFFERENT MESSAGE: Hello again and happy holidays! I have just updated the Sequencer to version 5.0, which entails an entire rewrite to fix the mess I made, and more importantly to you guys, the removal of KMR support. Okay, yes, you probably don't even know what those are; KMR stands for __keyboard & mouse recording__, and they allowed you to record and playback BOTH your keyboard and mouse at the same time. Sounds powerful, right? Well, yes, but the stuff with the mouse is not working in exactly the way I envisioned -- and also my implementation of KMR recording and feedback is a **bodged-together mess** -- so v4.1 of seq.py which is the version KMRs work in has been relegated to its own branch that I might come back to later or something. Anyways enough about KMRs! What is more important is the future of this program -- *what's gonna be added?!* Well, dear user, I plan to add image processing abilities that allow the script to respond differently depending on what it sees on screen, which could be used, for instance, to make sure you stay in a field, ensure you return to your hive and make honey, or even allow you to pick up tokens the program sees! As cool as this sounds though, it would be difficult, so don't expect a major update with stuff like this for a while; instead, I'll be adding features in __TODO.txt__, and will be definitely resuming regular development on this project in time for winter break and *Beesmas*. In conclusion, the rumors are true: THE SEQUENCER IS ALIVE AGAIN AND SO AM I.
\~end of note\~

UPDATE ON ERROR HANDLING: I'm actually trying to make errors not crash the program now, so if you experience any error-related crashes or bugs in general, kindly create an *Issue* in the __Issues__ tab of this repo.

**This project wouldn't be possible without boppreh's keyboard & mouse libraries, pynput, and win10toast ;)**
